hey everybody its todo Michelle that's
April 27 2010 it's 10:30 in the morning
and we've got a hundred percent rain
today so we're going to dig in the
shelter hopefully we're doing some good
but we're gonna show you it's a home
place it's right next to this shelter
the shelter is over here up in the woods
of pace but there's a big Creek River
little train goes through here but this
was an old homeplace years ago when I
was there oh ha ha
they had a huge garden spot right down
in here that's how we're told that
shelter but we just wanna give you a
look at this little spot here work away
for this shelter here before we destroy
our camera in this range and we'll get
you a look at once we get over
there right
you
hey everybody we just wanted to share
our shelter here with you we finally
made it over here and today
todos thinking about going up here and
taking this little area out right here
see if he can find anything we haven't
been up there yet we've been digging
here for about two years and let's say
here's our plant that we found the last
time we dug here there's this shelters
been dug in for years back wasn't that
right we're hoping we're going to fix
that we're playing on going all the way
down to the creek down in front of it
here and starting there and working our
way back up here right anyways just
wanted to share this shelter with you
it's really awesome it's got several
different shelters here
all next to each other they're just like
huge rooms let's say there's one there
and then there's one up here above it
there's one on around the corner there
too a little higher than this and then
this right here is probably one of our
favorites but Tojo may find something
awesome up there that's probably the
best view I've had of that area pretty
high well maybe we'll find something
awesome today to share with you hope we
do later hey everybody I think I finally
dug me you find out here it's a I think
it's a triangle-shaped and got a corner
out on it right here but we've been
finding a lot of flint and that's what
we found so far yeah anyway there's
something yeah
right here I show you how far we've
missed that deep we're digging there for
cleaning up just found myself today I
think we're getting close we found a lot
more Flint over here little baby's found
just give you a dinner idea how deep for
digging you can say Oh nuts bird my baby
we're hitting good Flint lotty shelters
has been illegally dug and they will
just don't dig them right yeah we gotta
go deeper we found Flint Dipper we
started out to enter outer edge of this
but now the rain is just coming down
dripping off the shelter and we just
can't dig there we just took off what
we're dug on the inside but somebody has
come up here and dough gets their
plywood right there they dug a whole lot
years ago and don't know if they found
anything as you can see there's still a
lot of digging left
we didn't even scrape the surface but
we'll get out here and get back to
digging ain't find one sitting here
jabbering around later
they were back
we're not digging how far we went today
deep we are by the mattock done quite a
bit of digging today
you see I hope my reign is over with
Suns coming out a little bit hope it
drives up when goats our number one spot
tomorrow it's a good view over Doug
today
Wow
if I'll fling it but we won't take off
and get to the house later
you